All right, so before we build out our very own d'application from scratch, and I'm very excited to

jump into all of that.

I think it's quite useful as a reference to have some lessons where we just go over the basics of what

is a DApp, what is a d'application and decentralization and what does this mean in terms of the future

of applications of technology?

Why are we doing this?

Why are we interested in this?

What are the pros?

What are the cons?

So if you are interested in reviewing these basics, these fundamentals, or you're curious about my

perspective in relation to the course and what we are building?

Then I encourage you to go through these lessons or just come back to them later as a frame of reference.

Now these upcoming lessons just a note, do not directly provide programming knowledge.

This is to gain a macro perspective on the applications and what we are doing.

So it's totally up to you, whether you wish to proceed through these now, later or even or even not

at all, and just move right into the project.

All right.

So still with me.

Awesome.

So let's go over what is a DApp?

Some of us may be thinking there has been quite a narrative, quite a narrative about this disruptive

shift in application technology.

So, of course, removing the D from DApp gives us an app.

And when we think about applications, right when we think about an applications such as, you know,

talk, let's say those of us who understand the infrastructure databases will already have this clear

understanding that, all right.

You basically have users and they access the application with their devices.

All right.

That goes ISP, which, you know, an internet service provider, in case you were wondering.

And that goes into the data center.

And generally, we have a central data center, a data bank, a data bank or database which holds the

information.

And this is powered by nodes.

It's powered by computers, right?

All right.

So this is a traditional overview, very a very simplistic overview of an application.

Now, when we consider DApps, this is what we see.

This is what we can see and what happened and what happened.

Well, where is the data center?

Well, where is this single point?

This singular data center?

Well, when we look at the overview formation of a DApp, we see that this is removed.

Instead, we go directly P2P peer to peer.

Now, of course, there are all sorts of manifestations and different variations, and you can be saying,

well, clarion.

You know, what about this DApp?

But just to get started, just to get started with a visual representation of a simplistic of simplistic

derivatives between the plane of applications and the plane of the applications.

Hopefully, this visualization helps to instill fundamental, but let's dive deep.

Let's dive much more deep.